#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
coverage[toml]==7.6.10
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
django-debug-toolbar==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djoser
djoser==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
faker==35.0.0
    # via factory-boy
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.31.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
isort==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy==1.14.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via faker
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djoser
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   faker
    #   ipython
    #   mypy
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
