#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/prod.in
#
anyio==4.8.0
    # via watchfiles
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-permissions-policy
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-permissions-policy
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cacheops==7.1
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
django-permissions-policy==4.24.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djoser
djoser==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
funcy==2.0
    # via django-cacheops
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==24.2
    # via gunicorn
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   uvicorn
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   uvicorn
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/prod.in
    #   django-cacheops
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   djoser
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements\base.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements/prod.in
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via uvicorn
websockets==14.2
    # via uvicorn
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements\base.txt
